Add documentation on the ability to send a direct link with action inputs (#2002)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/actions-and-automations/create-self-service-experiences/send-link-to-action.md

    let encodedInputs = JSURL.stringify(actionInputs);
    
    // Generate the full URL
    let actionIdentifier = "your_action_id";
    let url = `https://app.getport.io/self-serve?action=${actionIdentifier}&actionInputs=${encodedInputs}`;
    
    console.log("Action URL:", url);
};
```
</details>

## Example

Let's say you have a "Report Bug" action with identifier `report_bug` that accepts the following inputs:
- `title`: The bug title
- `severity`: Bug severity level
- `description`: Detailed bug description

Here's how to generate a link for it:

```javascript
let actionInputs = {
    title: "UI Performance Issue",
    severity: "High",
    description: "The dashboard is loading slowly when displaying more than 100 items"
};

// Using JSURL to encode
let encodedInputs = JSURL.stringify(actionInputs);
let url = `https://app.getport.io/self-serve?action=report_bug&actionInputs=${encodedInputs}`;
```

This will generate a URL that when opened, will pre-fill all the inputs in the action form.

:::tip
For complex inputs with special characters, spaces, or nested objects, using JSURL encoding is essential as it properly handles these cases while keeping the URL compact.
:::

> ## Generate direct link online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interactive URL generator
```

> To make it easier to generate action URLs, you can use this interactive tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the process described in this page, you can use this interactive tool to generate the finalized URL:
```
